AMP-84038 update Profile API doc to include multiple prediction IDs support (#962)
Amplitude-Developer-Docs/amplitude-dev-center: docs/analytics/apis/user-profile-api.md

recommend.amplitude.com/0000/predictions/**0x10x**

!!!note "Multiple Prediction IDs"

>     To fetch multiple prediction_id, separate predictionIDs by comma(,). For example: prediction_id=id1,id2. The response with multiple response will be in `propensities` field instead of `propensity` field

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    To fetch multiple prediction_id, separate predictionIDs by comma(,). For example: `prediction_id=id1,id2`. Responses for multiple prediction IDs are in the `propensities` field.
```
@zc632995195 Do we have a common way to format `prediction_id`? Or is it different in a request (with an underscore) vs what the field is called predictionID?

Author: Good point.  The `predictionID` is misleading there (replace with `prediction_id` --> that has to be exact name in the params.
